Design Documents

1. Wireframes for index.html and any notably different secondary pages in SVG, 
    PNG, or JPG format
2. A description of the primary user including, but not limited to, what the 
    user wants to get from the site and what the site owner wants to get from 
    those users. It is acceptable to include similar descriptions for other visitor types


The Website
1. Uses mobile first design and displays equally well in mobile and desktop
2. The site has a custom favicon created by the student
3. Made up of three or more HTML pages
4. The main page is named index.html and this page resides in the top level of the root directory
5. The header of the pages contains a custom logo image that is a link to index.html
6. The header of the pages contains a search form
7. The header of the pages contains a heading with the site name
8. The header of the pages contains the tagline for the site
9. All pages use normalize.css
10. All pages share the same custom CSS file, though individual pages may include 
    a second custom CSS file for page-specific items
11. Custom CSS files must use media queries to adjust to different screen widths
12. The site must use at least one web font
13. Page layout uses grid or flexbox
14. At least one page contains a form that is not a search form
15. At least one page contains an image inside a figure with figure caption elements
16. The site navigation is performed through either a horizontal or vertical nav-bar. 
    The format of the nav bar must be consistent for all pages. It is acceptable 
    to have site-section navigation that uses the alternate nav bar
17. At least one page contains tabular data in a table - this includes table headings, 
    multiple data rows, and a table footer
18. All pages must have a footer containing at least a copyright and page owner information
19. All HTML pages will pass validation by the W3C HTML Validator with no errors or warnings
20. All CSS files will pass validation by the W3C CSS Validator with no errors or warnings
21. CSS files must be in a CSS folder under the site root folder
22. Image files must be in an images folder under the site root folder
23. Any other media files used by the student must be in an appropriate subfolder
24. Image or media files not explicitly owned by the student must be accompanied 
    by a citation of the source of the file
25. HTML files, other than index.html, may be in a sub-folder if appropriate

